save company galley is easy
today at this opportunity here is had a
friend on the channel who asked me a question
respect of the ECU showed electron
cars
I 'm not having this opportunity here.
do not make the video and enjoy show
It 's for everyone and this guy is too.
a 2011 siena 2011 model then is was
tempted about the centralina
central station location
as I told him that if I have to
opportunity to make the video is the case
from fitch
usually depends a lot on the year and model
the fuse box where the
in some models that it does not
strip inside the house including models
that it was a larger yellow relay
it's up to older models and fitch
that it is under the seat of the engine
this is here it was below the column here
O
there you have to pull up to the carpet but
yes older cars
this car but we usually are her or her
built into the house including
model of me fuse younger model
or it is a yellow relay
now in this particular case is a
Also, she is but she is like this.
It's not that you do not get as exposed as
here in the empty bin is
You're dropping here.
this compartment below finish
here below the steering column here
are three screws that you will return to
have access to it
so it is located here
is together with it is a timer relay
also the windshield wiper
she has identification and she is also
remedy and it is the central
trauma as it is home to problem
only in electrical locks to identify
that the central locking device you
can replace it but you will use
only the wiring is not
You'll turn off the wiring coming in
inside the module of the original ECU
and use the wiring out because it does not
can be turned off that she has here in
al taken xvii the relay action of no
wiper timer wiper
so her children can not identify
here in white ac river but points
negative signals from the micro
key in the lock the blue with stripe
white but also unlock pulse
the micro key is this black wire here
negative on a white river with a
black stripe z
plus a black list in it
this white with black stripe is the
positive 12 volts
there we have a gray with the white list
Thicker motor wire in the latch
and the yellow wire that is also
other motor in reversing current
so if your surrogate is her
is defective
she gets stuck here then I advise that
No, do not take a whistle, you will not get her.
replacement will only be
the wiring here
the other children you will not even
another socket connected to the relay
timer
we just the action which can be
placing a central one on the outside and up to 110
of the pose tron ​​other models from gc
then it accepts any central n
to lock the letter will seize the
spinning engine case is down
proofs and lessa has been perfect beauty and
Galletti just on the opportunity here to
show because it is an ECU that right
sometimes the person does not even know what it is
difficult to identify the tax authorities as
I said do not comment it on by a friend at
People do not have a photo like that but they do not
managed to tell me correctly
but as he said he could not find
fuse box was not built into the
box even then most likely
it would be that same thing in getting
had a problem with the
make the video is to show and
to share with the people there is the
central locking is model siena
some parents also comes out then here is
today's tip people to pass on to
guys and beauty
so I'll stick around and thank you more
once everyone is not into our
videos will all share our
videos
I continued to subscribe to our channel.
This is where the company is easily hurt.
moral and pay it strong installers
hug and until the next video was worth